One of the feature that we could consider installing or making users aware about is about
PyBombs (Python Build Overlay Managed Bundle System). The wiki page on the GNU Radio website explains its features, but it could still be handy if 
we keep an “useful features” page on our interface that enlists different quick and handy features that users can install to be able to 
take advantage of apps that are built to make interaction with the GNU system a lot easier and interesting. PyBombs is referred to as a 
“package management system” (bhilburn.org) and although GNU will still hold good without this bomb (as the GNU wiki page states) it’s still
very much a favored tool, is simple and easy to install, and would make an ideal addition to the list of handy features. PyBombs can mix, 
match, and install packages and helps the user work from source. With aid of a Python interpreter, PyBombs can “download, install, 
and compile” (GNU Radio blog) packages wherever needed. Some of the features that this add-on includes are package recipes, 
dependency checking & resolving, automated build system, and management of available & installed packages. (bhilburn.org)
It makes working with multiple software packages a lot easier.
The tool helps in the works around GNU Radio installs, and installing all associated dependencies, taking into account problems like
version control, and installing and maintaining the out-of-tree modules. It also is platform independent and adheres to a basic 
set of commands making it more user-friendly to adopt. 
PyBombs is an all-in-one package system that is quite flexible depending upon the user’s needs. 
The component file can be necessarily modified and tailored to due needs. Configuring out out-of-tree modules,
what are the ones that exist, and which are specifically needed is all taken into account with PyBombs. 
Although this feature is still in beta version, its considered to be a valuable tool in the GNU Radio community 
and brings in a lot of handy features together and is a one stop installation of GNU Radio and its dependencies.
